[OSDOCS#20003] Remove 17.1 from ShiftStack docs (#111738)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cpmso-failure-domains-provider.adoc

|{rh-openstack-first}
|X
// FIXME: These links are pinned to OpenStack 2023.2. Verify this is the correct release for RHOSO.

> |link:https://docs.openstack.org/nova/2023.2/admin/availability-zones.html[OpenStack Nova availability zones] and link:https://docs.openstack.org/cinder/2023.2/admin/availability-zone-type.html[OpenStack Cinder availability zones]

Author: ```suggestion
|link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_services_on_openshift/18.0/html/configuring_the_compute_service_for_instance_creation/assembly_configuring-instance-scheduling-and-placement_memory#proc_creating-an-availability-zone_memory[Configuring instance scheduling and placement] and link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_services_on_openshift/18.0/html/configuring_persistent_storage/assembly_cinder-configuring-the-block-storage-service_block-storage#proc_cinder-configure-availability-zones_block-storage[Configuring back end availability zones] in the {rh-openstack} documentation.
```
